once I see silence this infernal machine
down the room dad and working I could
just drag the protocol or you could fry
the circuitry these gizmos distract from
your magical studies you are to become a
powerful mage you scorn our ancestors
with your heretical machines why when I
took over this castle years ago i
decimated the king and queen with a
chaos for tax not some gravity gauntlet
it negates particles surrounding point
is I've had enough of your apathy and
disrespect you young lady are grounded
going anywhere the right the security oh
my gosh a hero no Doubt's another Prince
come to rescue me I shall deal with him
as I do the rest dad come on you have to
destroy every hero who comes to rescue
me allowing even one challenger to live
put us in danger I am a warlock king but
you are merely an apprentice I have my
inventions parlor tricks real strength
comes from the practice of the dark Oh
dad you know I'm a terrible spell caster
just give up and let me advance
oh my god you're free Kingsley I'm like
your biggest fan haha simple charm my
biggest fan then I suppose you'll be
wanting an autograph or something well
Quinn Kingsley does not sign autographs
your server you're all demise but a long
time coming die God after all it's been
15 years isn't you kill I parents would
you you still not recognize me dog off I
am none other than Quinn Kingsley the
sort of kingly king's man that the king
oh this kingdom Oh of this castle that
we are in right now you you killed my
entire family with a chaos vortex come
on remember I yes chaos vortex good
times I'm here to slay you filed warlock
and a belch my poor sweet innocent
herons innocent the kings of these were
responsible for the great kidman
slaughter of 94 I thought you'd be
different Quinn but you just douche bag
those kittens started it you better
watch your tongue girly or I'll have it
out your fight is with me Kingsley leave
my daughter out of it and how about you
too antiquated Archmage
ah please stop leave my father alone
silence you dickering trollop don't you
see I'm in the middle of a boss fight I
can't believe I ever fantasized about
sleeping in a pile of your laundry
I mean what
Dona Z cast the chaos vortex I'll try no
time to waver shoot out a laser just
terrible it's over Jai god gran gence is
mine it's time to save your good-byes
and say hello to the new king you know
me gogo magic missile sorry dad but dark
matter just isn't in my jeans if I'm
going to save you I'm doing it why
what duck trickery is this you tell me
now you nefarious necromancer no matter
my still has not this shall be even
easier than defeating your fool of a
father
Oh Tim it's spinning like Kingsley is
plastic and that's what i like to call
the scientific method z I never thought
you had it in you I mean Oh dad I'm
exhausted just ground me already ground
you you were amazing I was a fool to
have ever doubted your machines you're
not mad z this is the brightest I've
ever seen you shine I'm so proud of you
oh that's great news cuz I've been
meaning to show you this rail gun that
shoots radioactive bees well well
accurately I need someone to test it on
well I don't know what I was thinking we
could visit the chemistry kingdom
because I need to pick up some coolant
for my quantum toaster the reactors are
reaching critical levels we'll see
No
I'm gonna shoot for them